foods to be even and be avoided when on
a diabetic diet hi my name is Nicole and
i right for the website healthy balanced
diet org every person diagnosed with
diabetes would only want to make sure
that his or her diet is what's best to
prevent and manage diabetes the good
news here is you can still eat your
favorite foods and enjoy your meals even
went on a diabetic diet guide even if a
person is on a diabetic diet he or she
still has the same nutritional
requirements as other people there are
no wrong or right foods when on this
kind of diet the key here is moderation
and being conscious of the amount of
food intake it is also important that a
diabetic person follows a diabetic diet
chart where it is placed there the meal
time and the kinds of foods to eat on
each meal for a better understanding of
what a diabetic diet is about here is a
list of foods that can be eaten in which
ones to avoid foods that can be eaten
you can eat all meat items such as lamb
beef pork bacon meat can also include
the Oregon meats such as liver kidneys
heart as they contain high doses of
vitamins and minerals required for your
body you can have poultry items such as
chicken goose duck turkey all animal and
meat fats fish and seafood of all types
can also be eaten eggs except omega-3
eggs you can have all cheeses except
cottage cheese as it is high in
carbohydrate content it has very little
fat butter and cream can also be used
use butter in cooked vegetables instead
of gravy use cream and hot drinks in a
place of milk plain natural full fat
yogurt vegetables and fruits keeping the
carbohydrate content in mind condiments
like pepper salt mustard herbs and
spices can be readily added to your food
foods to be avoided avoid sugary foods
and artificial sweeteners including
honey the only Sweden are allowed is
stevia all types of sweets and
chocolates including the sugar free ones
grains and food items prepared from
wheat rye barley corn rice bread pasta
pastry cakes this
it's pies tarts breakfast cereals and so
on avoid starchy vegetables like
potatoes and parsnips in particular
while go easy with beet carrots peas
beans and pockets of mixed vegetables
which might contain them beans except
the rubber beans take milk only in small
quantities avoid Sweden fruit and low
fat yogurts stay away from commercially
packaged foods fast foods and snack
foods follow restraint with respect to
fruit juices as these are quite high in
carbohydrates